SOURCE: Amazon India Returns Policy
URL: https://www.amazon.in/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202111910
Date Accessed: March 27, 2026

AMAZON.IN RETURNS POLICY

SECTION 1: GENERAL RETURN ELIGIBILITY

Applicable products are returnable within the applicable return window if you've received them in a condition that is physically damaged, has missing parts or accessories, is defective, or different from their description on the product detail page on Amazon.in.

Products may not be eligible for return in some cases, including cases of buyer's remorse such as incorrect model or colour of product ordered or incorrect product ordered. Products marked as "non-returnable" on the product detail page cannot be returned. However, in an unlikely event of damaged, defective or wrong item delivered to you, Amazon will provide a full refund or replacement, as applicable. Amazon may contact you to ascertain the damage or defect in the product prior to issuing refund or replacement. Amazon reserves the right to pick up the product to ascertain the damage or defect in the product prior to issuing refund or replacement.

Products purchased by international customers are not eligible for returns. However, orders made by international customers are eligible for refunds and customers will have to contact customer service within 5 business days from delivery date or estimated delivery date to claim refunds.

In the event customers are found to misuse the return policy by excessively returning, or cancelling or not accepting the orders placed, Amazon reserves the right to warn and/or suspend and/or block and/or terminate such customer accounts, as necessary.

SECTION 2: RETURN WINDOW

For India based customers, please refer to the product display page to confirm the days of replacement or return specific to the item before purchase. Products eligible for return will have a logo on the product details page which mentions the return window and return category as per the product. Examples include: 10 Days Returnable, 7 Days Return and Exchange, etc.

Non-returnable categories and specific return windows for categories eligible for return are listed on Amazon.in Returns Policy page. This page also has information on what kind of products are returnable within the applicable return window and how to report an issue with Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop, Television, Air Conditioner, Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Microwave.

SECTION 3: CONDITION FOR RETURN

You must return the product in its original condition with the brand's or manufacturer's box, MRP tag intact, user manual, warranty card and all the accessories therein. A product is returnable within the applicable return window if you've received it in a condition that is physically damaged, has missing parts or accessories, is defective, or different from its description on the product detail page on Amazon.

You do not require additional information to return an eligible order, unless otherwise noted in the category-specific policy.

SECTION 4: NON-RETURNABLE ITEMS

Some items of consumable nature (like wax candles, pet food and grooming products, cleaning products, fertilizers, etc.) are non-returnable. If you've received a non-returnable product in a damaged or defective condition, you can contact Amazon within 5 days from the delivery of the product.

Products marked as "non-returnable" on the product detail page cannot be returned under any circumstances except when Amazon delivers a physically damaged, defective, or wrong item.

SECTION 5: RETURN PROCESS

To initiate a return:
1. Go to Your Orders
2. Select the item you want to return or replace
3. Select a reason from the menu and follow the on-screen instructions
4. Choose a preferred date from the available options for return pickup

Return Pick-up will be attempted by agents between 7AM to 10PM on the scheduled date. If pick-up is not completed on the scheduled day, it will be attempted again on the next day. Certain couriers might require a return label which can be generated in the Returns Centre.

A return will not be processed if the pick-up is cancelled due to missing or damaged item or its accessories (caused while in your possession).

SECTION 6: RETURN PICKUP FAILURE

A Return pick-up can fail due to various reasons such as recipient not being available. In case you were not available during the chosen Return pick-up slot, the Delivery agent will try up to 3 reschedule attempts after calling and confirming with you. After 3 failed attempts, the pick-up will be cancelled.

The delivery agent will check the product during the pickup. If the verification fails because the product is not in its original state (has been used, missing original tags, etc.), the delivery agent may cancel the pick-up.

SECTION 7: SELLER FULFILLED RETURNS

Products fulfilled by third-party (Marketplace) sellers have the message "Sold and Shipped by [seller name]" on the product detail page. If a seller fails to address your query in three business days, you can file an A-to-Z Guarantee claim.

Return policies that are exclusively Seller Fulfilled may vary. For all other categories, the preceding return policies apply. Any refund for orders sold and shipped by seller partners needs to be initiated by the seller directly.

SECTION 8: INSPECTION SERVICE

If Inspection Service is provided for the product(s) purchased by you and OTP is shared after verifying that product is not wrong, damaged or missing accessories, you will not be able to return the product claiming that the product is wrong, damaged, or missing accessories.

SECTION 9: RETURN ABUSE PREVENTION

In the event customers are found to misuse the return policy by excessively returning, or cancelling or not accepting the orders placed, Amazon reserves the right to warn and/or suspend and/or block and/or terminate such customer accounts, as necessary.
