SOURCE: Amazon India Damaged, Defective, and Wrong Item Policy
URL: https://www.amazon.in/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=202115040
Date Accessed: March 27, 2026

AMAZON.IN DAMAGED, DEFECTIVE, AND WRONG ITEM POLICY

SECTION 1: ELIGIBLE ISSUES FOR RETURN OR REFUND

Products that are physically damaged, defective, have missing parts, or are different from their description on the product detail page on Amazon.in are eligible for return or refund. The following are considered eligible issues:

- Product is not in working condition or has visible cuts, crush, tear, broken parts, dents or scratches
- Product seal is broken and/or there is a leakage
- Product arrived with parts or accessories missing
- Product arrived in a different size or colour than what was ordered
- Item does not match product description
- Entire product is missing but the box is not tampered
- Product is expired
- Dead on Arrival or Screen Damaged
- Product doesn't meet expectations (subject to return policy of the category)
- Product box damaged — packaging issue or transportation issue

SECTION 2: REPORTING DAMAGED OR DEFECTIVE ITEMS

If you receive a damaged or defective item, go to Your Orders, select the relevant order, and select Return or Replace items. Select the reason that describes your issue and follow the instructions.

For non-returnable products received in a damaged or defective condition, you can contact Amazon within 5 days from the delivery of the product.

SECTION 3: REFUND OR REPLACEMENT FOR DAMAGED ITEMS

For items eligible for refund or replacement as per return policy, Amazon will provide a full refund or replacement, as applicable. Amazon may contact you to ascertain the damage or defect in the product prior to issuing refund or replacement. Amazon reserves the right to pick up the product to ascertain the damage or defect prior to issuing refund or replacement.

It will be eligible for a free replacement if the product is available with the same seller. If the seller does not have the exact same product in stock, a refund would be issued instead of a replacement. Replacements cannot be delivered to a different address. Amazon recommends returning the item for a refund (if eligible) and placing a new order with the new address.

SECTION 4: WRONG ITEM DELIVERED

You can return or request a replacement for a wrong item. Please ensure the item is in its original condition and still in its packaging to be eligible for a return. If your original order was below Rs. 499, a Rs. 40 shipping fee applies. Since the replacement is sent via standard shipping and the original order did not qualify for free shipping, the charge is non-refundable.

SECTION 5: MISSING ITEMS FROM ORDER

If an item is missing from your package, it may have shipped separately. Check Your Orders first. If you receive your shipping package and a part of the item (for example, accessories or chargers) is missing from the product packaging, you can initiate a return by visiting the Online Returns Centre and returning the item.

SECTION 6: TECHNICIAN VISIT FOR LARGE ELECTRONICS

If you report an issue with your Smartphone, Tablet, Laptop, Television, Air Conditioner, Refrigerator, Washing Machine, or Microwave, Amazon may facilitate scheduling a technician visit to your location. Availability of this service depends on the location pin code. This visit is scheduled by placing an order with Amazon through Amazon Home Services. Subject to Amazon Home Services Terms and Conditions, a resolution will be provided based on the technician's evaluation report.

SECTION 7: REFUND FOR MISSING WARRANTY CARD OR USER MANUAL

Items listed on Amazon.in that are identified as returnable on the product detail page and within the return window period are eligible for return if there is a missing warranty card or user manual in the package. Products eligible for return will have a logo on the product details page which mentions the return window.

SECTION 8: IDENTITY VERIFICATION FOR REFUNDS

To validate your identity for refunds, you may need to share identity proof with Amazon. Please refer to Amazon's Privacy Policy to understand how your data will be processed. Please do NOT share Aadhaar data.

SECTION 9: PRODUCT EXPIRY ISSUES

If a product you received is expired or close to expiry and not as described, you can contact Amazon within the applicable return window. Products sold as close to expiry or short-dated are disclosed on the product listing.
